Bro?
Yeah, I'll be there in 10 minutes.
Director Hong.
Don't hang up the phone.
Flip it over and put it on the table.
So I can hear.
You know what I mean, right?
I'll get straight to the point.
Uh, why are you doing this?
Stop whining and stay still.
Can you hear?
This bastard just said, "Can you hear?" Hey!
Do you want to die?
You're making a huge mistake, you bastard!
Tell him to shut up.
Bro.
Be quiet.
I'll make you rot in jail for life!
You son of a bitch!
Hey, you fucker, just shut up, you son of a bitch!
Idiot.
You're calm now, right?
Aren't you going to answer?
What do you want?
A report should have come into Yeongmunpo Police Station today.
A guy on a motorcycle in the apartment's underground parking lot...
...cut someone's throat with a knife and ran away.
Write down the number.
Seoul, Gangdong, A,
6438.
It's a motorcycle license plate.
It's fake, so you won't be able to look it up.
Find out where this motorcycle guy went.
Hey, to find something like this...
I know it's difficult and takes a long time.
That's why I'm telling you to do it.
It's 10 now. I'll give you five hours.
If you can't find it...
Your sister's strip show...
...will be online.
Even if you try any tricks, it'll be online.
If you don't want to see Ail Group's stock price halve tomorrow morning...
...do it right.
What?
735629.
See you again.
Goddamn it!
You're here?
Uh, you, you, damn... Ah, loyalty! Loyalty!
Ugh, damn.
I'll buy you soju. I'll buy you soju.
This way. Yes, thank you.
Hello.
Yes.
Uh, if you boil the corpse for a few days...
...until all the bones soften...
...then grind it up and pour it into the sea, they say.
To dispose of one body like that, it's 1.5 billion won.
You won't even find a bone fragment.
Boiling human gomtang, these sons of bitches!
Who told you that?
Uh, I heard it when I visited Seungdeok.
How does that bastard in jail know all that?
Jail is usually the fastest with this kind of information.
Hey, are you guys okay?
Yes, we're fine.
You've gone through a lot seeing things you shouldn't have.
Um, but...
Uh, what happens if the casino opens?
What do you mean, what happens?
Kim Myeong-gil will just rake in money.
Ah, Geon-woo.
Yes.
People addicted to gambling and drugs use a lot of private loans.
Kim Myeong-gil will connect casinos and private loans.
The more people come to the casino...
...the more people will use private loans.
Money just walks in every day.
But only foreigners can go to casinos, right?
Does Kim Myeong-gil follow the law?
Ah.
He accepts anyone with money through the back door.
You can't make money by following the law.
If Kim Myeong-gil makes money...
...he'll take out loans to buy buildings.
Then, using the building as collateral...
...he'll get more loans and buy bigger buildings.
He's quite a character.
To repay those loans...
...he'll run the casino even harder.
Smile Capital will squeeze even more people.
Kim Myeong-gil's kingdom will open.
The money Myeong-gil stole from me...
...was over 20 billion won back then.
If we get that back...
...shall we all go on a world trip together, Geon-woo and Woo-jin?
We have enough money even now.
But, well...
We can't go out because of the pandemic.
Well...
Let's go to Rome.
Why Rome?
When I was twenty...
...I watched a movie called "Roman Holiday."
Later, if I make a lot of money...
...I resolved to definitely go, but I still haven't gone.
Uh, you three...
...all together...
...I'd like it if you went together.
I'll buy you everything you want.
Grandpa, there are a lot of expensive things in Italy.
It's a country of luxury brands.
Hey, you kid.
I'm Choi Tae-ho.
I'll show you how I spend money.
Grandpa.
That's called 'flexing'.
Okay, well...
I can just show you how to flex.
It's not 'showing', it's...
It's just 'flexing'.
Flex.
Okay, after we finish this...
...let's all go together.
Yes, boss.
Yes, sounds good.
Yes.
Bro, the boss wants to have a simple drink at home.
He must be in a good mood.
Can you guys hold your liquor?
Yes!
Shall we watch a little faster?
There's 2x and 4x speed. Which one...
Let's watch at 2x. Yes.
If I were Kim Myeong-gil...
...I'd think Im Jang-do confessed all his weaknesses by now.
He would have moved the hard drive to a safer place.
Would that bastard have had the time?
We've tied up Kim Myeong-gil's arms and legs.
Except for that Team Leader Jung...
...there's no one else who can really move.
And...
Kim Myeong-gil wouldn't entrust such data to just anyone.
But he doesn't need to move it far.
Even if he hides it in his car trunk, we won't find it.
Hmm... Kim Myeong-gil knows.
Ah... That's true.
If we make Myeong-gil's enemies our allies...
...the tide will turn in our favor.
To do that, we need the hard drive.
Inside, there are people Myeong-gil has leverage over.
There will be several.
Those people have the same motives as us.
Among them, there will be powerful people...
...like Ail Group's eldest son.
The longer this fight drags on, the more disadvantaged we become.
This bastard Myeong-gil must have spread his influence far.
Police